{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is the initial version of my project. All of the images included are from my own photography. I photographed a friend wearing a piece of fast-fashion purchased clothing and edited the image in a couple different ways. Despite her happy expression and the brightly filtered background (warm colors, bright, and a feeling of sun) the clothing itself competes with that as it is varying shades of deep blues. I hoped that this would create some contrast. I also split up the images of her into smaller segmented images and pieces them back together in hopes to create a \'91sewn together\'92 pattern that would replicate the feel of textiles being haphazardly sewn together. Along with this, I added black and red splotches throughout the images as I layered them atop one another. I placed them specifically on the clothing she is wearing to show that while the clothes themselves are beautiful or attractive, they do come at a cost that could result in the loss of lives. I hoped that this subtle red would replicate blood in a way that was not too graphic, but also not subtle enough so that a viewer could piece this together. While I am still working on getting this to a place I would like it to be and am getting more used to Gimp as a software, I am happy with the path I am on so far. I am hoping to further hone in the textile imagery by perhaps adding some threads too stitch the images together more literally. }